revelations from the violations
violations probably can take do we have
a Freddie here yes we have a Frannie
here ready we're ready here balance is
redolent spread adulation spiders and
paper what's good guys as for elections
here it's been a while since I did a
video on the macbook but I definitely
wanted to give this up tonight me and my
friend Darius just got back from LA we
went to nike sportswear his little event
that they did for the all-star weekend
louis fearless and it was pretty dope
definitely dope setup it was good being
able to see on mayor Ricci Anwar and of
course Rachel and so basically at the
event they allowed me to do a bespoke
destroyer jacket so once i get that in
i'll show you guys it basically i made
it to match the j packs put a 13 in
there because it's my lucky number put
it in that blue front elations and black
on black and then on the back put the
name of the event with frontal ations
above it really dope one thing i wasn't
expecting to happen at the end they
hooked me up with some free shoes as
well unfortunately these are size 8 but
to be honest I really don't care i'm
wearing them right now I wanted this
shoes so yeah I'm wearing up the extra
laces are purple and the shoes are the
Kobe Bryant Air Force One foamposite
eggplants really so here they are
definitely nice shoe so real quickly
let's get into it you got that I see
bottoms with that supreme midsole it's
got the air bubble back there and it
looks like it's black or a navy blue
maybe a purple behind it is probably
purple that's what makes the most sense
then the rest of the upper most of the
upper i should say is the purple
foamposite material it's got a 3m strap
new book around the eyelets waxed laces
mesh tongue with the kobe bryant logo on
the inside hopefully yet you're going to
see that this one says nike but the
other one has the kobe bryant logo it's
got a little tab on
back says making a purple with the three
purple stripes going up the black tab so
there's that these shoes as well as the
next year i'm about to show you came in
his don't box nothing if you'll see it
but it actually says those fearless
right there on it other shoes i'm
actually really excited about because i
wasn't planning on getting me some but
now i have a man and they're definitely
really nice size seven so these was
actually do fit they are the all-star
tour Kobe's really dope sure they look
even better in person so let's get into
these you got a white I wanna say yeah
white clear bottom red Kobe logo right
there black midsole black heel cup with
the white signature and the hologram
back there which was a nice touch the
hologram on the tongue which does West
really dope you got your red to black
gradient with the scales the white
swoosh painted on it black inner liner
and black behind the tongue you're
really cool basis with the 2011 on this
side i'm guessing the other which is
west just off of what happened last year
i think that's what they did well it
says la so there's that the insole says
la 2011 once again big shoutouts nike
sportswear the event was awesome really
cool setup awesome food and I can't
thank you guys enough so make sure to
follow nike sportswear on twitter I'll
have that link below and nike sportswear
la both of their links and yet as always
makes you like subscribe and comment
shoutouts to Andrea and Darius they play
marvel vs capcom online right now so
yeah I guess peace